This youthful force is the most important thing in this war.
Also, economically speaking, Japan has become a country that can be popular.
The number of necessary tests in Japan is enough to be achieved.
There are many things in America, but there are no specific types.
We cannot say that we are popular.
We have fallen into a country that is popular.
Also, in terms of the situation,
during the Japanese War, the whole of Asia was awakened by the great victory of Japan.
According to the Great Soviet War,
the United States, which had been in a state of conflict since the beginning,
was defeated in a blink of an eye.
When we see this great victory,
just like during the Great East War,
it is essential that the Great Asian Union
would be established as a leader of Japan.
And we would be free from the idea of ​​freedom and universalism.
The spirit of universalism, especially the spirit of Japanese liberalism,
is all around us.
It is natural to cooperate with the new construction of the Great East Asia.
In terms of military, economic, and intellectual,
the Great East Asia is the foundation of the Great East Asia.
It is good to build a military base on this foundation.
The United States is a country of logic,
so it is likely that some of the victims
were accused of causing the war in the military.
I think that this kind of logic will definitely spread in the United States.
Thank you for watching.